Wayne Jovi doing what is up guys karma
medic here and welcome back to another
dose damn joins by Kenji Kenji to meet
the vlogs yep
what's up guys yeah so I'm kinda Talisa
the necessary quotes to say you nice
people we may as well make a cop killer
yeah he was actually the first person I
met I came back a year ago and we've
just been friends ever since we went to
Amsterdam together we probably together
we get a litigator but we go there
together
yeah so we just keel sighs a YouTube
channel so we're gonna be doing one
video on my channel and then one video
on Kenji's channel if you want to check
out the next video head over to my
channel I guess in the video description
yeah links in description somewhere on
the screen and check out follow kenji on
instagram follow Kenji on YouTube show
some support some love so today what
we're gonna talk about is our top MMI
interview tips these are gonna be tips
that I talked about a little bit less
frequently than what you'll find
probably on YouTube and other places so
hopefully you guys find them useful and
hopefully you can incorporate them into
your own practice for Emma - so the
first tip that I have for you guys is
that when you're preparing for MMI
interviews make sure you know what
skills it is that the interviewers are
searching for so for example they want
you to be a good communicator a good
leader have good team work skills etc
etc so make sure you know what those
skills are and then mould your stories
and your experiences so that you can fit
those descriptions and you hit those
points hard so that they know exactly
what it is that you're talking about
that's really good point yeah I think
for mine I had like five or six
different you know story is for know
about stories button cases where I could
apply to any situation and exhausted out
you know I can adapt it to towards
anything today is really key just have a
few you know key moments in your life
where you can apply to every single
question in what in my ask
that's actually a really good point if
you have five or six or seven said
stories each story within them will
probably show that you were
a good communicator and a good leader so
depending on what the question is that
they're asking you can take that story
and talk about the things most relevant
to the question all right so tip number
two is to arrive early so when I came
flying to you I think I was here like an
hour and a half two hours early held
super keen for the reason why I arrived
early is because you get used to the
environment and you sit exactly where
you know we're surrounded by people you
better be competing against that's true
I think just being there early can
really lower your heart rate and really
get you calm it's nothing I think is
nothing worse and like coming up a train
going straight to interview straight to
the room it's really poor tips to sit
down have a drink of water and just just
be ready for the interview and I will
really really help calm your nerves yeah
I completely agree I know that when I
get nervous I get really sweaty
I get really hot and if you're rushing
around to get to the room or you're lost
you don't know where it is then that's
just gonna make everything worse so yeah
I completely be right early make sure
you have everything prepared and you've
sort of walked through what it is do you
want to do the night before yeah when I
arrived I think I went straight to the
like the waiting area yeah and they told
me exactly what the rooms gonna be so I
knew where I was going I knew exactly
what we're gonna do and I just sat there
and just tried hard as I possibly can to
lower my heart rate and I really really
hope they'll true if you have a family
member or a friend who can come along
with you who you're really close with
and can maybe call me down or help you
talk about something else I'd also
recommend that too that's what I had for
me and it helped me times so my tip
number three is that you shouldn't
underestimate your body language and
your demeanor you don't want to be
totally relaxed sitting down like this
waiting for the interview to ask you
questions but you also don't to be like
super closed up intense you kind of want
to have a sort of relaxed attitude but
you want to be leaning into the
questions you want to be listening
attentively
you want to be actively showing the
interviewer that you're engaged you're
happy to be here and you want to tell
your story you want to get across why it
is that you're a great candidate for
medicine and why you want to do this
yeah are you also medicine I remember
one of the patient education sessions we
had so one of the medics shoots worse at
like crossing her legs and crossing
their arms like that right and it comes
across as being like very closed and you
don't do that wouldn't be open and not
too open like NASA said you want to be
able you know in a position where you're
waiting
questions you look like you are you know
ready for it yeah and of course you're
probably gonna be nervous I think it
would be weird if you weren't nervous at
all for your interview but just know
that you'll become less nervous as time
goes on you sort of open up and become a
bit less tense and stressed definitely
and interviewers know that they know
you're gonna be nervous so if you're
nervous and a little bit tight at the
beginning that's totally fine yeah the
fire station was like the worst one for
me yeah I was sweating like I was
hunting and I was like actually it's not
as bad as you think
yeah by then I was having a conversation
with the interviewer about something
totally random about Canada so yeah it
definitely loosens up over time
understand so tip number three is to be
kind and smile and I think if you walk
in are you shade the interviewers hand
you smile and it really does develop a
rapport straightaway then people are
naturally gonna you know like you more
if you are likeable so if you smile you
say hi before you need like you thank
them for their time affect them for
engineering you and I read as important
because if you like you know if you walk
up to some random and the mutually
smiling straight away you just feel like
- like insulting yeah so yeah definitely
advise the interview as well kind of
percent the employee is like an observer
watching it's like when I walked in for
my and those an observer watching as
well I made sure to shake both of their
hands and to say hi to all of them I
mean yeah and thank them as soon as you
walk out it's also a form of nonverbal
communications 100% straight away under
percent while you there's monster cookie
just in case in the bottom yeah
so my third and final tip for this video
is that you need to practice your timing
when you're going into them and my
stations usually they're pretty short
somewhere between 5 and 7 minutes
depending on the school and you don't
have too much time to go on and on
joining about what it is that you've
done so you want to make sure that you
get your points across very efficiently
very concisely and you say almost only
what it is that you need saying directly
answer the question if you guys finish
early that's totally fine you can sin
have a child with the interviewer you
can show them a little bit by your
personality outside of what is like
strictly medicine yeah but don't be
scared to finish early you need to make
sure that your answers are well timed
they're not too short and they're not
too long and my Bristol interview just
for a frame of reference they told us
that our answer should be anywhere
between 45 minutes to a minute 45
seconds to a minute and a half so that
isn't too much time if you think about
it answer one question but it gives the
opportunity for interviewers to house to
follow-ups and for you to share more
about your story so I feel like if you
have a lot to say there's a question
where you need like you know very well
try and rank your answers in the most
important way so I give you in order of
importance I mean so if you have like 10
things to say say the most important
things first to make sure you get them
out the way because interview might call
you off anywhere you want to get all the
key points our way first and then if you
have like points it's not as important
you can just say them the end yeah
that's a really good point you will get
cut off if you run out of time of your
station a bell will ring and that'll be
it you'll have no opportunity to add
anything else so you really want to make
sure you get across the most important
things first that's a good point
by the last tip from my side is kind of
just what you said so it's use the full
time allocated to you so for mine I
remember I had like one minute left and
I just sat there in orbit silence and
like I definitely don't need that if you
haven't minute left there's always
things to add more like NASA said if you
are happy with your answer and you
there's nothing more you could add you
can just fully just carry on a
conversation then you know and just then
shown again your personality if you do
like if you are talking just generally
about your you know personality and
stuff like that if something does come
to a head or an extra you know things
you could have said cops your head you
can always add it back into the
conversation that's true so these really
important just to don't sit there with
silence if you if you
trying to think about things outside you
can always be like too much different
like you know ii think about what when i
say yeah they've come back to it and you
know I possibly add mmm-hmm that's a
fair point too if you need a couple of
seconds to just collect your thoughts
calm down a little bit and then go into
your answer that's also totally fine
it's actually a lot better than just
quickly starting to blabbering make up
things as you go along yeah buddy
I did that so many times where I was
like actually you might like John
opposed to take 20 seconds of time to
think yeah and it is a bit awkward like
sitting there 20 seconds but they fully
understand that they'd rather have
someone we can sit down and gather their
thoughts but someone who can just like
jump straight away and answer questions
I've seen medicines report into to think
absorb decide and then return I think it
reason portent sister showed you can do
that so you have no answers just be like
just give me 30 seconds I'm gonna gather
my thoughts together and then present it
in a logical way yeah it's very - all
right so that's it for this video guys
those are our six tips for the MM eyes
on my channel there's gonna be a second
part to this video up on Kenji's channel
you guys should really go to history to
follow him all those put links to his
social media in the description
Instagram snapchat and all the rest of
it so make sure you guys follow him like
his videos comment everything and I'll
see you guys in his video see you soon